

    Sun Tzu, "The Art of War"

        Not to be prepared is the greatest of crimes; to be prepared beforehand for any contingency is the greatest of virtues.

        Know the enemy and know yourself; in a hundred battles you will never be in peril. When you are ignorant of the enemy, but know yourself, your chances of winning or losing are equal. If ignorant both of your enemy and yourself, you are certain in every battle to be in peril.

    Ernest Hemingway

        The shortest answer is doing the thing.

        There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.

        Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.

    Orson Welles

        If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story.

    Napoleon Bonaparte

        Never ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by incompetence.

        Ask me for anything you like, except time.

    Goethe, "The Sorrows of Young Werther"

        ...misunderstandings and neglect create more confusion in this world than trickery and malice. At any rate, the last two are certainly much less frequent.

    Thomas Jefferson

        God forbid we should ever be twenty years without such a rebellion. The people cannot be all, and always, well informed. The part which is wrong will be discontented, in proportion to the importance of the facts they misconceive. If they remain quiet under such misconceptions, it is lethargy, the forerunner of death to the public liberty... and what country can preserve its liberties, if its rulers are not warned from time to time, that this people preserve the spirit of resistance? Let them take arms. The remedy is to set them right as to the facts, pardon and pacify them. What signify a few lives lost in a century or two? The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time, with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is its natural manure.

    Sri Sarada Devi, "The Whole World is Your Own"

        I tell you one thing - If you want peace of mind, Do not find fault with others. Rather learn to see your own faults. Learn to make the whole world your own.

    Frederick P. Brooks, "The Design of Design" (2010)

        One can often get something for nothing -- if one has previously bought nothing for something.

        An articulated guess beats an unspoken assumption.

    Gordon Clegg, "The Design of Design" (1979)

        Sometimes the problem is to discover what the problem is.

    Edgar Allen Poe, "The Imp of the Perverse"

        We have a task before us which must be speedily performed. We know that it will be ruinous to make delay. The most important crisis of our life calls, trumpet-tongued, for immediate energy and action. We glow, we are consumed with eagerness to commence the work, with the anticipation of whose glorious result our whole souls are on fire. It must, it shall be undertaken to-day, and yet we put it off until to-morrow, and why? There is no answer, except that we feel perverse, using the word with no comprehension of the principle. To-morrow arrives, and with it a more impatient anxiety to do our duty, but with this very increase of anxiety arrives, also, a nameless, a positively fearful, because unfathomable, craving for delay. This craving gathers strength as the moments fly. The last hour for action is at hand. We tremble with the violence of the conflict within us - of the definite with the indefinite - of the substance with the shadow. But, if the contest have proceeded thus far, it is the shadow which prevails - we struggle in vain. The clock strikes, and is the knell of our welfare. At the same time, it is the chanticleer-note to the ghost that has so long overawed us. It flies-it disappears-we are free. The old energy returns. We will labor now. Alas, it is too late!

    Woody Allen

        I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government.

        Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.

        If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.

    Tycho, "Penny Arcade"

        ...the way one might prefer to be stabbed than shot. Optimally, one isn't stabbed or shot. Optimally, one eats some cake! But there are times when cake is not available, and instead we are destroyed. This is the deep poetry of the universe.

